Rules for ludo:
At the beginning of the game each player's four tokens are out of play and staged in 
oneof the large corner areas of the board in the player's colour When able to the
 players will enter their tokens one per time on their respective starting squares, and 
proceed to race them clockwise around the board along the game track/ When 
reaching the square below his home column, a player continues by racing tokens
up the column to the finishing square. he rolls of a single cube die control the 
swiftness of tokens, and entry to the finishing square requires a precise roll from the 
player. The first to bring all their tokens to the finish wins the game.Each player rolls 
the die; players alternate turns in aclockwise direction.To enter a token into play
from its yard to its starting square, a player must roll a 1.  Once a player has one or 
more tokens in play, he selects a token and moves it forwards along the track the 
number of squares indicated by the die/ Players must always move a token
according to the die value rolled. Rolling a 6 or 1 earns the player an additional or
 "bonus" roll in that turn. Players may not end their move on a square they already 
occupy. If theadvance of a token ends on a square occupied by an opponent's 
token, the opponent token is returned to its owner's yard. The returned token 
can be reentered into play only when the owner rolls a 1. 
*Click on the centre of the board to roll the dice and click on a gatti for its movement*


Rules for snakes and ladders:
Each player starts with a token on the starting square ) and takes turns to roll a 
single die to move the token by the number of squares indicated by the die roll. 
Tokens follow a fixed route marked on the gameboard which usually follows a 
boustrophedon (ox-plow) track from the bottom to the top of the playing area, 
passing once hrough every square.If, on completion of a move, a player's token 
lands on the lower-numbered end of a "ladder", the player must move the token
up to the ladder's higher-numbered square. If the player lands on the higher 
square of a "snake"  the token must move down to the snake's lower-numbered 
square.If a player rolls a 6, the player may, after moving, immediately take
another turn; otherwise play passes to thenext player in turn. The player who is 
first to bring their token to the last square of the track is the winner.
*Press space on the keyboard to roll the dice*